visual merchandising is a combination of
different things can be retail work
which is generally when most people go
it can be stored as on an exhibition
design you can go into photo styling
it's a general overview gives you a
really great basin design if you just
want to start out and you want to go
into different courses i chose the
program because I've been in other
courses and I felt this is where I
needed to be where there was a mishmash
of everything because we're doing one
thing I got to board with the one thing
where you get to do a lot of things as
where I need to be and that's here the
work that I've done I my passion is for
food food photography and that kind of
work initially we're given a lot of
opportunities to work outside of tafe as
well with actual professionals we did a
pilot for channel 7 guinea of the year
which was interesting but essentially
where I want to be as food design I
think and this is a good course and a
good way of getting there um not just
really saying I'll end up there also
quite a wouldn't mind working in retail
but yeah that's mainly when my work
comes from but you can basically you
again you can do anything if you want to
overall the whole course is basically
good learning experience every day when
you go into a different subject you
learn something different there's a lot
of information in the course some other
courses you'll go through and things are
delivered really slowly whereas in this
course everything's delivered at a fast
pace um you be there every day and you
want to be there every day with heaps of
exposure to the industry as I said we
did a little stint at channel 7
beginning of the year that was offered
to us on the first day back of from
second year and then I also got another
offer on that day as well basically they
just keep giving us these opportunities
to work and mental in our mentor program
room is an 80-hour program which we do
in the second half of the second year
which is also good and it look really
good on a resume involved the seizures
have fun some of the very interesting
personalities they're all worth getting
to know basically they'll help you
really well I can't say that there's one
that I've ever had a complaint about and
they're always here and they're always
ready to help you so in a very patient
which is important as well when you're
going into the course you'll be
interviewed the interview is I think
just as important as the folio being
prepared being having to you know being
able to talk about people that you're
interested in in artists designers I
think that it's good to be well
presented to show you have a passion
about what you're doing I knew folio
runs along with that if you're
passionate or reflecting your work that
you put in there
job opportunities most of them come
through retail you'll find most people
end up working in Rita a lot of the
girls already have started working as
freelancing styles for different
magazines one of the girls due to shoot
for notebook the other day another girl
shooting catalogue smile so essentially
before you even leave the course you get
offered opportunities veamos them to end
up in retail but there are definitely
other things going on out there such as
events and photo styling and store
design